# IMPORTANT: Kit Auto-Redeem has been disabled by default

Kit auto-redeem had an issue where the permission that was checked for autoredeem (if ignore permissions was not enabled)
that caused kits to be given to the wrong people. Strangely, no-one has ever reported this! However, this may now cause 
auto-redeem to start (correctly) giving kits when it wasn't before. It also wasn't too performant. It has been disabled by
default - re-enable it by setting `kits.auto-redeem.enable` to `true` and reload.

I apologise for any inconvenience caused, but this step is to protect servers from sudden panic! Any server using auto-redeem
should update immediately.

First join kits are not affected by this and will be redeemed as normal.

# New User Preference Service

The User Preference Service is a centralised way for users and admins to set and view preferences set in the Nucleus system.
Currently, only boolean keys are setup for the following preferences:

* Command Spy toggle
* Social Spy toggle
* Teleport toggle
* Private Message Receiving Enabled 
* Powertool toggle
* Vanish on Login toggle

Apart from the vanish on login toggle, nothing has changed from a users' perspective. The Vanish on Login toggle currently
defaults to _true_ as that is the current behaviour. This will default to _false_ in a future version of Nucleus.

Users and admins can use the `/userprefs` command to view and set their own, or other's (if permission is granted), preferences.
This allows for quicker troubleshooting by admin, and simpler accessing of preferences by users.

Plugins can access the standard Nucleus preference keys and obtain the current preferences of users through the 
`NucleusUserPreferenceService`, allowing for harmonisation of, for example, teleport toggling.   

# API updates

* Added `NucleusUserPreferenceService` with methods to register new user preference keys.
* Added `getUserPreferenceService()` static method to the `NucleusAPI` class.
* Clarified some of the `RTP` javadocs.

# Minor updates

* Added `/vanishonlogin` toggle command for eligible users.
* Improve performance of `command-logger` and `command-spy` modules through caching.

# Bugfixes

* Split `/list` up a bit more to prevent crashes when many players are in the same permission group.
* Put `ru-RU` translations in the correct place.
* Fix RTP attempts loading chunks outside of the border.
* Fix permission check during auto-redeem.